DOCS-5285 Datadog Forwarder Doc Edits (#645)
DataDog/datadog-serverless-functions: aws/logs_monitoring/README.md

  - /serverless/libraries_integrations/forwarder/
---

## Overview

The Datadog Forwarder is an AWS Lambda function that ships logs from AWS to Datadog, specifically:

- Forward CloudWatch, ELB, S3, CloudTrail, VPC, SNS, and CloudFront logs to Datadog.
- Forward S3 events to Datadog.
- Forward Kinesis data stream events to Datadog (only CloudWatch logs are supported).
- Forward metrics, traces, and logs from AWS Lambda functions to Datadog. Datadog recommends you use the [Datadog Lambda Extension][1] to monitor your Lambda functions.

> For serverless customers using the Forwarder to forward metrics, traces, and logs from AWS Lambda logs to Datadog, you can [migrate to the Datadog Lambda Extension][3] to collect telemetry directly from the Lambda execution environments. The Forwarder is still available for use, but will only receive security updates.

Reviewer: The forwarder is still very much being developed for all other AWS logs integrations, so don't want to saw "only receive security updates"

```suggestion
For Serverless customers using the Forwarder to forward metrics, traces, and logs from AWS Lambda logs to Datadog, you should [migrate to the Datadog Lambda Extension][3] to collect telemetry directly from the Lambda execution environments. The Forwarder is still available for use in Serverless Monitoring, but will not be updated to support the latest features.
```

2. Fill in `DdApiKey` and select the appropriate `DdSite`. All other parameters are optional.
3. Click **Create stack**, and wait for the creation to complete.
4. Find the installed forwarder Lambda function under the stack's "Resources" tab with logical ID `Forwarder`.
5. [Set up triggers to the installed Forwarder][101].
6. Repeat the steps above in another region if you operate in multiple AWS regions.

> If you had previously enabled your AWS Integration using the [following CloudFormation template][102] from your AWS integration page in Datadog, your account should already be provisioned with a Datadog Lambda Forwarder function.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you had previously enabled your AWS Integration using the [following CloudFormation template][102] from your AWS integration page in Datadog, your account may already be provisioned with a Datadog Lambda Forwarder function if you decided to include it. In that case, you will only need to install the Datadog Lambda in additional AWS regions in your account where you wish to export logs.  
```
